feat(blob): add  list `mode` param to merge blob folder (#476)
vercel/storage: .changeset/metal-pigs-hear.md

---
"@vercel/blob": minor
---

> Adds a new `mode` parameter to the list command options. Mode controls the way our API handles folders and blob files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new `mode: folded | expanded (default)` parameter to the list command options. When you pass `folded` to `mode`, then we automatically fold all files belonging to the same folder into a single folder entry. This allows you to build file browsers using the Vercel Blob API.
```
